README.md, before:


#MacOS Dotfiles

![Project Image](/Preview/Fullshow.png)

> Here is my dotfiles, more previews are in the preview folder

---

### Table of Contents
You're sections headers will be used to reference location of destination.

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)

---

## Description

  REQUIREMENTS FOR INSTALL

      
      iterm2    - terminal emulator
                - use ligatures, change font > FiraCode Nerd Font

      firefox   - browser
                - download nighttab extention and setup

      spotify   - music player

      Übersicht - top bar (may require additional setup)
                - will have to manually load widgets

      neovim    - will have to launch vim using 'vi' command, then type ':PlugInstall'
                  once you do this all symbols should appear

      vscode    - will have to install via download, and have to use wal theme


[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

```html
   <p>/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"</p>
   <p>brew install git</p> 
   <p>git clone https://github.com/atidyshirt/MacOS-Dotfiles.git</p> 
   <p>cd MacOS-Dotfile</p> 
   <p>sh install.sh</p> 
```

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template) 

---

Commit message:

Changes to the readme for updated firefox config

README.md, after:


#MacOS Dotfiles

![Project Image](/Preview/Fullshow.png)

> Here is my dotfiles, more previews are in the preview folder

---

### Table of Contents
You're sections headers will be used to reference location of destination.

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)

---

## Description

  REQUIREMENTS FOR INSTALL

      
      iterm2    - terminal emulator
                - use ligatures, change font > FiraCode Nerd Font

      firefox   - browser
                - you will need the extention firefox color to change the top two corners
                - download tabless extention to put the wallpaper as firefox startup

      spotify   - music player

      Übersicht - top bar (may require additional setup)
                - will have to manually load widgets

      neovim    - will have to launch vim using 'vi' command, then type ':PlugInstall'
                  once you do this all symbols should appear

      vscode    - will have to install via download, and have to use wal theme


[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

```html
   <p>/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"</p>
   <p>brew install git</p> 
   <p>git clone https://github.com/atidyshirt/MacOS-Dotfiles.git</p> 
   <p>cd MacOS-Dotfile</p> 
   <p>sh install.sh</p> 
```

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template) 

---
